---
title: Patch Notes - 2.2.0
description: Warlock DLC Support
published: true
date: 2026-02-17T11:22:04.770Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2026-02-15T16:49:45.032Z
---

# Support for Warlock DLC + D2R 3.0

> This should bring full compatibility with D2R 3.0. We are still working out kinks related to it

# **Itemization re-work will get its own wiki page or something**

see [_#930_](https://github.com/D2R-Reimagined/d2r-reimagined-mod/pull/930)

# **New unique charm and jewelry sprites**

see [_#919_](https://github.com/D2R-Reimagined/d2r-reimagined-mod/pull/919)  
and [_#923_](https://github.com/D2R-Reimagined/d2r-reimagined-mod/pull/923)

# **All skill icons reworked from scratch**

see [_#944_](https://github.com/D2R-Reimagined/d2r-reimagined-mod/pull/944)

# **Item upgrade system renamed to Enchantments**

> Item Upgrade as a name was flawed and confusing. It has been renamed "Enchantments" now.

-   Uber charms and other systems that need upgrades still say upgrades.

# **Rarity of Unique rings/amulets/charms/jewels tweaked**

> The goal here is to reduce the rarity disparity that exists. A good example is the unique grand charm Nightshade had a rarity of 5 and all others were set to 1, so you almost always found Nightshade(this has been reduced to 2). The overall changes to rings means that items like SOJ will be slightly more common. Many chase items were left or reduced to 1 rarity, and adjustments to 1 rarity rings/amulets that did not fit there were bumped up.

> The jewel rarities had many at 1, and several at 5 which skewed the rolls. now there are a handful at 2 and the rest at one. Primarily the elemental jewels that did not have elemental pen are set to rarity 2. typical facets are left at rarity 1.

-   Unique Rings total rarity decreased from 121 to 95
-   Unique Amulets total rarity decreased from 130 to 108
-   Small charm total rarity decreased from 17 to 10
-   Large charm total rarity decreased from 7 to 6
-   Grand charm total rarity decreased from 10 to 7
-   Unique jewels total rarity decreased from 39 to 25

# **Rarity of set rings and amulets**

> Same thing with the uniques. This primarily affects the set amulets that were rarity 1.

-   Adjusted the rarity(weighting) of many amulets from 7 to 3 to reduce the overall pick choice down from 80 to 47.
-   Many rings reduced down to 3 rarity. Total rarity reduced from 68 to 45

# **Class Changes**

## **Amazon**

### **Multiple Shot**

-   Guided Arrow synergy returned to default 12% from 9%
-   Reduced Multiple Shot Arrow/Bolt to 75% from 100% source damage
    -   This basically removes the change I made previously which allowed for ridiculously high elemental damage scaling as enchant has been nerfed. Also knocks out leech multiplier.

## **Assassin**

### **Blade Fury**

-   Update Blade Fury to properly bounce from 1 enemy to another or 1 enemy to a wall and back instead of from 1 enemy to 2 to 4.
-   Blade Fury missile growth is now minimum 2 + 1 every 8 levels starting at level 16

### **Shadow Masters**

-   Now inherit fire/lightning skill damage and -enemy fire/lightning resist stat

### **Fade**

> Fade prebuff gave you up to 90% curse length reduction and 75% all res. Lowering that to 50% for both

-   Diminishing returns max for curse reduction and all res changed to 50%

## **Barbarian**

### **Unstoppable Force**

-   Increased Hit Delay to nerf multi-hit slightly
-   % Damage per level 16-25 down to 8 from 10
-   % Damager per level 26+ down to 11 from 15
-   Synergy down to 8 from 10.

### **Winter's Gambit**

-   Lowered range and search range slightly for a better feel for aiming.
-   Updated base missiles count from 2 to 3.

### **Chasm Break**

-   Reduced life steal efficiency for skill to 10%
-   Reduced initial weapon damage from 75% to 62%
-   Character sheet reflects weapon damage alone until synergies are applied on throw.

### **Carnage**

> Improved overall feel of the skill as there is a much more immediate impact instead of the 1.5-2s delay from swing to spike re-target and damage dealing, updated visuals give a much better idea of what the skill is doing and where the damage is coming from and it just looks even cooler.

-   Tornado is still visual only and spawns on swing
-   Spikes spawn on weapon swing instead of after tornado animation finishes
    -   Spikes updated visually with red glow to make it much more apparent what the skill is doing.
-   Swing is full weapon damage
-   Spikes are still half weapon damage
-   Carnage is no longer able to be used when shape shifted
-   Reduced life steal efficiency for skill to 10%

### **Battle orders**

> BO HP buff stacking with all the other available HP% buffs and the increased life gained through the mod meant it provided an extraordinary amount of life in some cases.

-   HP/Mana/Stamina baseline changed from 35% to 10%
-   HP/Mana/Stamina per level changed from 3% at all levels to 5% per base level and 1% per soft level

### **Iron skin**

-   Defense% baseline changed from 30% to 10%
-   Defense% per level changed from 10% at all levels to 10% per base level and 3% per soft level

### **Natural Resistance**

-   Diminishing return max decreased from 80 to 50.

### **Melee mastery**

> Melee mastery provides a ton of damage% and attack rating% as well as crit chance. Due to how the diminishing returns formula works you hit near max crit chance after only a few levels. This change incentivizes barbarians to put points into it(if you were melee you already did), and limits its full power as an oskill.

-   Crit chance changed from diminishing returns up to 35% to 10% baseline +1% per base level

### **Shout**

-   Changed from 100 base AC% and 10/lvl to 50 base and 5 per level

### **Battle Cry**

-   Capped lowering enemy damage to 50%
-   Removed Battle Cry from castable while shifted

### **Tectonic Slam**

-   Removed Tectonic Slam from castable while shifted
-   Checks AR for missile hits
-   Life steal added to skill at 10% efficiency
-   Increased travel speed slightly

> Fixed multiple hitting bug (maybe)

### **Wary Cry**

-   Removed Stun length from war cry skill description

### **Howl**

-   Removed initiate frame since missile is so fast it causes it to miss initial target sometimes

## **Druid**

-   Poison changes

### **Lycanthropy**

> Lycanthropy provided significantly too much HP% from all levels. Adding a few other benefits for putting base levels in lycanthropy for each shift form too.

-   HP% changed from 20+5% per level to: 5% from base levels and 1% from soft levels

### **Werewolf**

> Attack rating% is everywhere and attack rating should be a mechanic you don't forget exists

-   Baseline HP% lowered from 25% to 10%
-   Attack rating baseline lowered from 50 to 10
-   Attack rating gained per level lowered from 15% to 3%
-   new synergy with lycanthopy:
    -   +1% chance to dodge melee and missile attacks while attacking/standing still per 2 levels

### **Werebear**

> The sheer damage% and defense% this provided was a little silly. For example at level 50 it provided 805% damage and 540% defense. Now it provides a more reasonable 395% and 225%

-   Baseline HP% lowered from 75% to 50%
-   Damage% baseline lowered from 55% to 20%
-   Damage per level changed from 15% at all levels to 10% per base level and 5% per soft level
-   Defense% baseline increased from 40% to 50%
-   Defense% per level changed from 10% at all levels to 5% per base level and 2% per soft level
-   New synergy with lycanthropy:
    -   +5% Physical damage reduction per 8 levels

### **Polar Bear**

-   New synergy with lycanthropy:
    -   +5% Physical damage reduction per 8 levels
-   Damage% baseline lowered from 55% to 20%
-   Damage% per level to 10%
-   Defense% baseline to 50
-   Defense% per level to 5
-   HP baseline to 50%

### **Shockwave is now an attack based skill**

-   AR Check for Missile Hits
-   Uses Attack Speed Breakpoints
-   Gains 10% synergy from maul
-   Has updated missile
-   Requires Bear/Polar Bear

## **Necromancer:**

-   poison changes

### **Blood Golem**

-   changed life after each kill to 3 base + 1 per 3 levels

### **Lifetap**

-   changed to 1% leech per base point + 1% per 5 levels

## **Paladin**

### **Thorns Aura:**

-   flat thorns increased greatly at the 29+ curve
-   Increased flat amount by 1% per character level

### **Holy Freeze Aura**

-   adjusted holy freeze attack rate slow from dm 25-60 to 5+1/lvl with a max of 50

### **Vengeance**

-   reworked so it is based on weapon damage
-   does a physical hit and spawns 3 projectiles that circle with a few frames of delay between them adding an additional 25% of weapon damage as fire, cold and lightning
-   Initial hit carries all weapon effects.
-   Spawned projectiles do not.

### **Holy Shield**

> Holy Shield oskill and visual was fixed for all other classes. reducing its effectiveness by reducing def% gained from +soft levels

-   Defense% per level changed from 15% at all levels to 15% per base level and 3% per soft level

### **Conviction**

-   Retuned so that it's base 30 + 1 per level until 25, then it gains 1 per 2 levels after.
-   Base points increase - resistance bonus by 5% ish per point.
-   Defence reduction spread from 0-100 instead of 40-100

## **Sorc**

### **Cold**

-   Frost Nova
    -   Starting mana cost down to 5 and increase down to 0.7 per level
-   Ice Blast
    -   Damage curve down for levels 2-23 by 4 per level.
    -   Damage curve up for levels 29+ by 5 per level.
-   Glacial Spike
    -   Damage curve down for levels 2-23 by 4 per level.
    -   Damage curve up for levels 29+ by 4 per level.
-   Frozen Orb
    -   Damage curve down for levels 2-23 by 4 per level.
    -   Damage curve up for levels 29+ by 4 per level.

### **Lightning**

-   Nova
    -   Starting mana cost down to 5 and increase down to 0.7 per level
    -   Damage curve down for levels 2-23 by 2 per level.
    -   Damage curve up for levels 29+ by 2 per level.

### **Fire**

-   Fire Ball
    -   Damage curve down for levels 2-23 by 4 per level.
    -   Damage curve up for levels 29+ by 4 per level.
-   Firewall
    -   Reduced missile overlap introduced in 2.1.0
-   Hydra
    -   Damage curve down for levels 2-23 by 2 per level.
    -   Damage curve up for levels 29+ by 3 per level.

# **QoL**

-   Improved "Warp" Skill translations
-   Overhaul of zhCN and zhTW translations
-   Added additional text to orb of corruption to make it clear you need to transmute twice
-   Added vanilla cow portal recipe back as an option
-   Reimagined cow portal recipe is still just Wirt's leg
    -   now returns Wirt's leg after opening the cow portal
    -   You still need the correct wirt's leg for each difficulty
-   Thorns damage now works against ranged attacks instead of just melee
-   XP, MF, Sunder potions increased to 2 minutes up from 30 seconds
-   add staff mods to all assasssin weapons
-   Update the positioning of the beacon and soulstone sprites to fit within the inventory boxes correctly.

### **Charm Weight**

-   Fix automagic, skills properties, and the armor and weapons so that the weight system no longer applies a minimum level requirement of 7 to items.

> This also solves the problem with level 6 spells useable at level 1 and 12 useable at 6.

### **Skill gold cost affect**

-   Skills no longer have much effect on the cost, sell price, or repair price of items, with the exception of Teleport, which will still be substantial.

> This solves infinite gambling and gives incentive to use charged items more by not being so expensive to repair, with the exception of teleport. which will still be substantial.

-   Teleport is unaffected by this change, it will still cost a substantial amount.

### **Base item changes**

-   Bone knife and mithril point socket count increased from 1 to 2

# **Monster Changes**

-   Cows velocity and run speed increased by 60%

> Loot piñatas made a bit more deadly

-   All monsters whose drain multiplier was 100% has been reduced to 85% in NM
-   All monsters whose drain multiplier was 76% or higher have had that multiplier reduced to 75% in Hell
-   Mephisto/Duriel/Diablo normalized 100/50/25 across Norm NM Hell, this adds leech to Meph and Diablo in a minor amount for Hell.

# **Cube Recipe changes**

-   Uber Unique Stat Reroll Recipe now works with Set items as well

## **Corruption Changes**

-   Deadly strike/crushing blow combo corruption on gloves lowered from 10/10 to 5/5
-   Deadly Strike/Crushing blow combo corruption on weapons lowered from 25/25 to 10/10
-   Enhanced damage% corruptions changed from 120 to 50%
-   Extra elemental damage and -enemy res corruptions from 10 to 5%

## **Crafting Changes**

> Dialing back some of the %ele crafts a bit.

-   Amulet crafted from +2 allskill & 10-15% all ele% dmg to +2 allskill & 10% all ele% dmg
-   Ring craft from +1 allskill & 8-10% to +1 allskill & 5% all ele% dmg
-   Belt craft from +1 allskill & 8-10% to +1 allskill & 5-10% all ele% dmg
-   Fixed crafted gloves all ele% craft - now has its proper range of 5-10% instead of 10-10% all ele% dmg
-   Crafted Gloves from +1 allskills & 20-40 weapon damage & .375 crushing blow/lvl to 1 allskills & 20-40 weapon damage & .125 crushing blow/lvl

## **Enchantment Changes**

> dialing a few key stats back on upgrades

-   Amulet flat life/lpk from 75/8 to 50/6
-   Amulet flat mana/mpk from 75/8 to 50/6
-   Ring flat life/lpk from 50/4 to 30/3
-   Ring flat mana /mpk from 50/4 to 30/3
-   Belt flat mana/mph from 50/4 to 30/3
-   Belt flat life/lpk from 50/4 to 30/3
-   Belt flat life/mana/def% from 150/150/100% to 50/50/50%

> the mana could not be stacked multiple times as there is an itemstat limit per item, also combo affixes shouldnt be that high

-   Boots flat mana/mpk from 50/3 to 30/3
-   Boots flat life/lpk from 50/4 to 30/3
-   Gloves flat mana/mpk from 50/4 to 30/3
-   Gloves flat life/lpk from 50/8 to 30/3
-   Gloves 6% crushing blow to 3%
-   Gloves 6% deadly strike to 3%
-   Gloves 6% open wounds to 3%
-   Helm flat mana/mpk from 50/4 to 30/3
-   Helm flat life/lpk from 50/8 to 30/3
-   Shield flat mana/mpk from 50/3 to 30/3
-   Shield flat life/lpk from 75/8 to 30/3
-   Shield from +2max all res/+3 all res to +1max all res/+3all res
-   Chest flat mana/mpk from 50/4 to 30/3
-   Chest flat life from 75/6 to 30/3
-   Chest % absorb for each element lowered from 4% to 2%
-   Chest +2 max all res/+5 all res to +1max all res/+5 all res
-   Weapon +25% enhanced dmg & 25 attack rating decreased to +15% enhanced damage & 15 attack rating
-   Weapon +50% enhanced dmg & 50 attack rating decreased to +30% enhanced damage & 30 attack rating
-   Weapon +50% enhanced dmg & 50 attack rating & knockback decreased to +30% enhanced damage & 30 attack rating & knockback
-   Weapon +10% open wounds & 50 attack rating removed
-   Weapon +10% crushing blow & 50 attack rating removed
-   Weapon +10% deadly strike & 50 attack rating removed
-   Weapon +4% Fire skill damage & +4% enemy fire res to 2%/2%
-   Weapon +4% Cold skill damage & +4% enemy cold res to 2%/2%
-   Weapon +4% Lightning skill damage & +4% enemy lightning res to 2%/2%
-   Weapon +4% Poison skill damage & +4% enemy poison res to 2%/2%

# **Misc**

-   Clone Frost Nova to new CTC Frost Nova skill which has 100-150 damage per skill level
    -   Skill cannot be used manually even when set as an oskill (intentional)
-   Update TZ Rota to remove Stony/Trist from A1 and add it to A4, added Tamoe and Outer Cloister to A1 (At 24 zone limit)
-   adjusted +cold/fire/light/poison/magic skills property to use func 3 to fix it sometimes giving the improper value when being set with a range
-   Nightmare res penalty to -60 from -40 so it's half of Hell Penalty
-   Removed restriction limitation from cow king transformation
-   Fix various skills not being flagged for use intown for consistency.

## **Leech Changes**

> Goal: Bop leech across the nose, while it should sustain in a fight it shouldn't let you stand in the middle of a group of enemies with no defenses and heal through their damage.

-   Norm divisor to 2 from 1
-   NM divisor to 4 from 2
-   Hell divisor to 8 from 3

# **Uniques**

> removing ed% and flat damage from armors as it caused ed bug

-   removed 5-10 weapon dmg from Reign of Deceit
-   removed .25 max dmg/lvl from Ancients' Epiphany
-   added +2 random pally skill to Ancients' Epiphany
-   Bonemesh unique chains boots changed to myrmidon greaves
-   Thoqqua's Slipper scarabshell boots req level fixed from 19 to 49 as that is the base boots required level
-   Wild Horses myrmidon graves req level fixed from 34 to 65 as that is the base boots required level
-   The King's Heart +rabies lowered to 2-3 and hp% lowered to 10%

## **Uber Charms**

-   Removed red text from uber charms

> Red text is historically reserved for being unable to use a thing. It was added for flavor but generated too many questions.

## **Splinterfreeze**

-   Removed 100% chance to cast level 6 frost nova
-   Added 5% chance to cast level 1 CTC Frost Nova

## **Phys jewels**

> phys jewels all had %ed and flat damage which caused the ed bug in non weapons. adjustments were made.

### **Tiger Eye**

-   now has 40% Enhanced damage, 10 min, and 20 max weapon damage

### **Jade Facet**

-   Now has 10-15 min and 25-30 max weapon damage, and 3-5% open wounds

### **Spinel Facet**

-   Now has 40% enhanced damage and +50 Attack Rating

### **Star Facet**

-   now has 45-50% enhanced damage, 15% increased attack speed, and 5 all stats

## **poison jewels**

> removed the small amount of flat poison from the two poison facets

## **Medusa's Gaze -> The Saboteur's Bandolier**

> Duplicate entry for Medusa's gaze reworked to be a +trap max belt

-   Mithril Coil Elite Belt
-   Requires level 81
-   +1 to max traps
-   +10% Fire Skill Damage
-   +10% Lightning Skill Damage
-   +2 Random Assassin Skill
-   +15-20% Increased Attack Speed
-   Requirements Increased by +50-75%

## **Shadowtrick**

> giving more of an identity with the unique stat +max traps

-   removed fade oskill
-   removed burst of speed oskill
-   removed shout oskill
-   removed battle order oskill
-   removed warp oskill
-   Added +1-2 to Max Traps
-   Added +10% Fire Skill Damage
-   Added +10% Lightning skill damage
-   Adjust conviction aura roll from 3-4 to 3-5
-   Added incorporeal effect

## **Shadow Dancer**

-   Added +1-2 Max Shadow Masters

## **Ragnarok**

-   Gotterdamerung renamed to -> Ragnarok
-   reworked to be a spired helm and now provides:
-   +30-60 Weapon Damage
-   +5 Oskill Summon Spirit wolf
-   +5 Oskill Summon Dire Wolf
-   \-30% Cold Resistance
-   +level 2-5 Fanaticism Aura when equipped
-   Requirements Increased by 50-100%

## **Judge's Helmet**

-   Treachery's Allure renamed -> Judge's Helmet
-   reworked to be an armet and now provides:
-   +1-2 All Skills
-   +30-50% Enhanced Damage
-   +20% chance of open wounds
-   +30-50% damage to demons
-   +20% poison resist
-   \-4 to light radius
-   Requirements increased by 50-75%

## **The Gambler's Fallacy**

-   Gaiden's Loss renamed -> The Gambler's Fallacy
-   reworked to be a bone visage and now provides:
-   +2 to random class skill levels
-   +0-100% Enhanced damage
-   +0-100 enhanced defense
-   +0-100 attack rating
-   +(-100)-100 magic find
-   +(-30)-30 physical damage reduction
-   +0-10 Vendor Price Reduction
-   Requirements increased by 0-150%

## **Valor song reworked, now has the proper required level for the base and:**

-   +1 holy bolt projectile
-   5% chance to cast level 10 battle orders when struck
-   25% chance to cast level 20 fist of the heavens when struck
-   25% chance to cast level 20 blessed hammer when struck
-   25% chance to cast level 20 holy bolt when struck
-   5% chance to cast level 1 weaken when struck
-   +2 all skills
-   +2.38 defense/char level
-   20-30 all res

# **Sets**

## **Tal Rasha's Wrappings**

> The start of an effort to revisit some vanilla sets and provide some love. For Tal's keeping the theme of providing general elemental damage allowing for a hybrid sorc builds or just useful for any builds. Should now act as a useful mid/early endgame set. A few additional stats were added, the helm now also has some set bonuses.

### **Full set bonus changes**

-   Replenish increased from 10 to 50 (.97/s to 4.8/s)
-   Magic find increased from 65 to 100
-   Defense increased from 150 to 200
-   Removed 50 defense against missiles
-   Added 20% all elemental damage
-   Added -10% to all enemy elemental resist

### **Tal Rasha's Fine-Spun Cloth**

-   Mana increased from 30 to 50
-   Dexterity increased from 20 to 30
-   Magic find from 10-20% to 30-40%
-   Now rolls random sorc skill +2
-   2 set bonus increased from 60 def to 100
-   3 set bonus increased from 10 fcr to 15

### **Tal Rasha's Adjudication**

-   Now rolls +2 random sorc skill
-   4 set bonus moved to 2 set bonus and increased from 10% to 15% faster cast
-   New 4 set bonus is now 25% magic find

### **Tal Rasha's Lidless Eye**

-   Faster cast rate increased from 20 to 25%
-   Energy increased from 10 to 20
-   Fire/light/cold mastery increased from 1-2 to 2-5
-   Added a new 3 set bonus of +1 sorc skills
-   Previous 3/4/5 set bonus of -15 fire/light/cold enemy res combined into full set bonus 20% all elemental pierce

### **Tal Rasha's Guardianship**

-   Magic find now rolls 80-100% instead of a flat 88%
-   2 set bonus increased from 10 to 15% faster cast rate
-   Added a new 4 set bonus of 50 hp

### **Tal Rasha's Horadric Crest**

-   Now rolls +3 random sorc skill
-   New 2 set bonus now gives 10% faster hit recovery
-   New 4 set bonus now gives 10% faster hit recovery

## **Treasure hunter**

> Didn't feel like it had real oomph for being a MF set. Now fills the niche of anyone wanting to mf with the vanilla mf items as a set.

-   Set bonus increased from 25% for 2/3/45 set bonus to 100%
-   Full set bonus increased from 200% to 300% magic find
-   Full set bonus all skills increased from 1 to 3

## **Immortal King**

> Given a few numerical increases to the items, a few random barb skill rolls, as well as a set specific skill and buff. King's Trinity and King's Charisma

-   On full set receive +1 King's Trinity Oskill

> King's Trinity create cold/fire/lightning tornado nova on strike. Initial strike is physical, and each elemental missile is converted from 37% of weapon damage to that element.

-   On full set receive 10% Chance to cast level 1 King's Charisma

> King's Charisma provides a flat +1000-2000 cold/fire/lightning damage to attacks

### **immortal King's Will**

-   Remove socket rolls
-   Now rolls +2 random barbarian skill
-   Now has a 2 set bonus of +15% Faster Hit Recovery
-   Now has a 4 set bonus of +2 barbarian skills

### **Immortal King's Soul Cage**

-   Removed chance to cast level 5 enchant when struck
-   Added an enchant clone with its own unique skill curve: 10% chance to cast level 1 CTC Enchant when struck
    -   level 1 CTC Enchant provides 500-1000 Flat fire damage and 100% increase attack rating

### **Immortal King's Detail**

-   Added 10-20 Weapon Damage
-   Added +2 random barbarian skill

### **Immortal King's Forge**

-   Added +2 random barbarian skill
-   Removed chance to cast charged bolt when struck
-   Added a charged bolt clone with its own unique skill curve: 20% chance to cast level 3 CTC Charged Bolt

> CTC Charged Bolt has a level scaling of 50-100 per level and 5 bolts + 1/lvl

### **Immortal King's Pillar**

-   Added +2 random barbarian skill

### **Immortal King's Stone Crusher**

-   Removed indestructible
-   Added Ethereal
-   Crushing blow reduced to 15-25% from 35-40%
-   Increased Enhanced damage from 200% to a range of 200-300%
-   Flat damage given for each set bonus stage increased

## **Darkmage's Astral Projection**

-   Darkmage's Celestial Fury changed from Sky Spirit to Shako

# **Bug Fixes**

-   Fixed Swift Descent Spelling
-   Fixed Tyrial's > Tyrael's Spelling
-   Fixed CB Sentry Synergy Tooltip
-   Fixed Eaglehorn Raven CTC
-   Fixed Dire Wolf to show Fire Damage
-   Fixed A5 Normal Baal Wave 2 minion poison immunity.
-   Fixed missing string for Cain's Gibbet